What is HTML?
    #   HTML stands for Hypertext Markup Language
    #   HTML is the standard markup language for creating Web pages (giving a static skeleton to websites).
    #   HTML describes the structure of a Web page
    #   HTML consists of a series of elements
    #   HTML elements tell the browser how to display the content
    #   HTML elements label pieces of content such as "this is a heading", "this is a paragraph", "this is a link", etc.

What is CSS?
    1.  CSS gives style to raw HTML
    2.  CSS stands for cascading style sheets
    3.  CSS is used to give style to our web pages.
    4.  CSS is used to make our website responsive
    5.  while html gives structure to our website, CSS takes the responsibility of design.
    6. It makes the websites modern looking and presentable.

What is JavaScript?
    *   JS is a high level dynamic interpreted programming language.
    *   Embedded within HTML.
    *   It allows the client side scripting (as it is supported by all browser) to create completely dynamic websites and web applications.
    *   Designed for programming user events (programs responds to useer interface actions, like mouse click, keystroke etc.)
    *   Adds interactivity to a web page
    *   Handles complex functions and features
    *   Platform Indepenedent/ Architectural Indepenedent

CSS SYNTAX:
    p { color: blue; }
        p stands for the selector and it decides which part of the HTML the CSS will be applied. It states where the CSS property is to be applied.
        colour : It is the Property which you want to change or add. Whether you have to change colour, border, background, width, all these come under property. 
        blue : The last section is for defining the value. All the properties will be changed according to the value we provide.

    We can also target multiple properties at one time. The syntax is as follows-
        header, p.intro {   background-color: red;
                            border-radius: 3px;
                        }

        In the above example, we have changed the header tag and the paragraph tag with a class intro to change the background colour to red and border-radius to 3 pixels.

    There are three ways to Add CSS-
        Inline CSS- CSS is added to the elements directly using the style attributes.
        Internal CSS- CSS is kept inside the head tags in <style> tags
        External CSS- CSS is kept separately inside a .CSS style sheet. It involves two steps-
            First, write the CSS in.CSS file.
            Include that CSS file to Markup.
        
        Inline CSS takes the highest precedance among the three and out of internal and External css, the one which is written later takes more precedance.
        We can also give priority to a particular style just by writing !importance


    What is JavaScript?
        JavaScript, which is abbreviated as JS, is a programming language that conforms to the ECMAScript specification. It was initially created to make web pages alive. JavaScript is high-level, often just-in-time compiled, multi-paradigm. It is lightweight and most commonly used as a part of web pages, whose implementations allow client-side script to interact with the user and make dynamic pages. Using JavaScript, we can change and update both HTML and CSS. JavaScript has no link with Java programming language. It is a fully independent language with its own specification.

    What is the difference between the Client-side and Server Side?
        Client-side and server-side in the term of web development, describes where application code runs. Web developers will also refer to this distinction as the frontend vs. the backend. In web development, the client-side refers to everything in a web application displayed on the client end (end-user device). The browser interprets HTML and CSS on the client-side. Whereas, the server-side is where all the request coming from client-side is handled. The working which is performing on the server-side is not visible to the end-user. The Server-side has the business logic for dynamic webpages.